Add ``Global Taiko Showdown Ending`` news post (#13961)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes.md

| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | **we go running** (::{ flag=SG }:: [\_gt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301957), ::{ flag=SG }:: [YonGin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7109317)) | [ILLUSORYPROGRAM97](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410290) + [Hatching](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410278) | [![details](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/248/entries/66185/results "Judging Details") |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | **uhhasdl;fh ads;fhlasd;lhjg** (::{ flag=VN }:: [davidminh0111](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9623142), ::{ flag=VN }:: [chairIess](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26031453), ::{ flag=VN }:: [linedcolt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33754270)) | [ILLUSORYPROGRAM97](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410446) + [Hatching](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410697) | [![details](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/248/entries/66176/results "Judging Details") |

## cavoe's osu! event Global Taiko Showdown 2025 Results

> ![COEGTS's three podium players, along with TaikoMom, co-organizer of COEGTS.](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/coegts_podium.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![COEGTS's three podium players, along with TaikoMom, co-organiser of COEGTS.](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/coegts_podium.jpg)
```

---
layout: post
title: Global Taiko Showdown Concludes
date: 2025-11-20 15:00:00 +0000
---

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/Banner_Main.png)

After one final hectic year of hosting 6 tournaments and a mapping contest between January to August, the Global Taiko Showdown tournament series is finally over on osu!
It has been a few months since we've finished it all up, but let's go through our last three badged events together, shall we?

## Navigation

> This can be a long article, so feel free to skip around:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a long article, so feel free to skip around:
```

- [Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025 Results](#squad-global-taiko-showdown-2025-results)
- [Mapping Global Taiko Showdown 2025 Results](#mapping-global-taiko-showdown-2025-results)
- [cavoe's osu! event Global Taiko Showdown 2025 Results](#cavoe's-osu!-event's-global-taiko-showdown-2025-results)
- [Original songs](#original-songs)
  - [Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#squad-global-taiko-showdown-2025)
  - [Mapping Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#mapping-global-taiko-showdown-2025)
  - [cavoe's osu! event's Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#cavoe's-osu!-event's-global-taiko-showdown-2025)
- [Best tournament moments](#best-tournament-moments)
  - [Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#squad-global-taiko-showdown-2025.1)
  - [cavoe's osu! event's Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#cavoe's-osu!-event's-global-taiko-showdown-2025.1)
- [Reflections/Commentary](#reflections/commentary)
  - [Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#squad-global-taiko-showdown-2025.2)
  - [Mapping Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#mapping-global-taiko-showdown-2025.1)
  - [cavoe's osu! event's Global Taiko Showdown 2025](#cavoe's-osu!-event's-global-taiko-showdown-2025.2)

> ## Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025 Results

Reviewer 2: these headings are supposed to be in sentence case

```suggestion
## Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025 results
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/sgts_podium.jpg)

Let's start this off in one simple way: **Congratulations to Japan't on winning this final edition of the Squad Global Taiko Showdown, being the first ever non-fully Japanese team to ever win this tournament!** With this win, osu!taiko legend ::{ flag=JP }:: [Grape_Tea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9540073) also adds a new achievement to their already impressive track record: winning an edition of every major open-rank GTS tournament to exist! 

We cannot be forgetting the two other teams who complete the podium, however: **IAAI**, who led **Japan't** to a grueling **7-5** Grand Finals match and fell short of resetting the bracket to obtain their shot at winning the tournament, and **Haru no Tsuki**, who secured a third place finish after upsetting the third seed team in their last Finals match!

They have all shown some of the highest level of gameplay osu!taiko can showcase through a teams tournament format. Thank you all for playing.

> ## Mapping Global Taiko Showdown 2025 Results 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Mapping Global Taiko Showdown 2025 results
```

## cavoe's osu! event's Global Taiko Showdown 2025 Results

![COEGTS's three podium players, along with TaikoMom, co-organizer of COEGTS.](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/coegts_podium.jpg)

The final GTS tournament finished with a podium of very familiar faces: players who sail from different horizons, yet would be recognised by anyone taking even the tiniest of interests in the osu!taiko scene. Let's kick things off with our heartfelt congratulations to ::{ flag=TW }:: [cheesestingy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16462012), the final GTS champion! Those who have indeed been paying attention might recognise him as the player who upset ::{ flag=JP }:: [kanten_07](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11680357) in an EGTS2025 upper bracket match and exiting the tournament at top 16 (while the latter would later come painstakingly close to [winning the tournament!](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2025-05-06-expert-global-taiko-showdown-2025-concludes)). Flying in all the way from the Asian region, he showcased at the Dutch-based LAN event that his skills have only improved since then, for the pleasure of all those in attendance, and of those who couldn't make it.

> We would also like to extend these congratulations to runner-up ::{ flag=US }:: [AuroraPhasmata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13664116), the defending champion from 2023, absolutely dominant in all 7(!) COEGTS matches he'd played prior to this year's grand final to defend his title, and ::{ flag=GB }:: [overdahedge2015](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9864847), coming out of his 2023's playtesting commitment and overcoming some early stress and crankiness over the mappool to grab third place in the final day's first match. ::{ flag=US }:: [mBiscuit](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17061174), who barely missed out on a podium finish at 4th place, and whose performances stuck clearly ahead of everyone who didn't make it to the semifinals, clearly deserves a shout-out as well. These four players all proved their strength just as much as everyone else on COE's main stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We would also like to extend these congratulations to runner-up ::{ flag=US }:: [AuroraPhasmata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13664116), the defending champion from 2023, absolutely dominant in all 7(!) COEGTS matches he'd played prior to this year's Grand Final to defend his title, and ::{ flag=GB }:: [overdahedge2015](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9864847), coming out of his 2023's playtesting commitment and overcoming some early stress and crankiness over the mappool to grab third place in the final day's first match. ::{ flag=US }:: [mBiscuit](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17061174), who barely missed out on a podium finish at 4th place, and whose performances stuck clearly ahead of everyone who didn't make it to the semifinals, clearly deserves a shout-out as well.

These four players all proved their strength just as much as everyone else on COE's main stage.
```

## Original songs

As has become tradition with Global Taiko Showdown tournaments for a few years now, artists and lead GTS admin ::{ flag=FR }:: [Kasumi-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6177263) worked tirelessly and in unison to provide one final round of incredible compositions, each released for their own GTS-related event. We're covering only a handful of them in this news post in order to keep things short, but we heavily recommend checking everything out. It might take a while, but you won't regret it.

### Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025

> Each stage's Tiebreaker beatmap had its own composition, but we are only presenting two of them here. Do check the rest of them out!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each stage's tiebreaker beatmap had its own composition, but we are only presenting two of them here. Do check the rest of them out!
```

- **[Listen to Deus Ex Machina (Final Attack Mix) here!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6jNoTpoA94)**
- **[Check out the beatmap here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2398669#taiko/5198457)**

#### Grand Finals Tiebreaker

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/Paracausal_Banner.jpg)

Loved equally as he is feared by all rhythm games enjoyers, long-time featured artist **[Camellia](https://cametek.jp/)** returns for the third time to a GTS-related event! Drawing inspiration from his earlier albums, he worked towards nuturing a song that would serve as the final composition of the 2025 edition of SGTS... which blossomed into the behemoth that is **Paracausal Cocoon Protocol**. Ranging from 64 to a whopping **370** BPM, breaking through the 9 stars barrier at **9.23** stars, this titan of a beatmap hosted by ::{ flag=US }:: [SolaEclipse](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6621158) is a collaborative work between 12 mappers whose purpose is to take down even the mightiest of players.

> - **[Listen to Paracausal Cocoon Protocol here!](https://youtu.be/q8ovNzmrazk)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **[Listen to *Paracausal Cocoon Protocol* here!](https://youtu.be/q8ovNzmrazk)**
```

- **[Check out the beatmap here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2403294#taiko/5212306)**

### Mapping Global Taiko Showdown 2025

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/MGTS_Banner.jpg)

> MGTS featured a line-up of three songs, of which two had to be mapped. The contestants could tread down two different paths: take on **axis::BREAK** by **X/Y/Z** (a trio uniting the talents of **[Foodbot](https://soundcloud.com/foodbot)**, **[mrcool909090](https://soundcloud.com/mrcool909090)** and featured artist **[SiLiS](https://soundcloud.com/silis)**), or create something out of French duo **[Faxyne](https://soundcloud.com/faxyne)** and **[blobdash](https://soundcloud.com/blobdash)**'s composition, **Hatching**. In either case, they also had to tackle **ILLUSORYPROGRAM97**, a 5-minute collaborative effort between **[Kyotsugyon](https://soundcloud.com/kyotsugyon)** and **[Sh0wtime](https://soundcloud.com/sh0wtimelol)**.

Reviewer 2: we capitalise "featured artist"

```suggestion
MGTS featured a line-up of three songs, of which two had to be mapped. The contestants could tread down two different paths: take on **axis::BREAK** by **X/Y/Z** (a trio uniting the talents of **[Foodbot](https://soundcloud.com/foodbot)**, **[mrcool909090](https://soundcloud.com/mrcool909090)** and Featured Artist **[SiLiS](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/434)**), or create something out of French duo **[Faxyne](https://soundcloud.com/faxyne)** and **[blobdash](https://soundcloud.com/blobdash)**'s composition, **Hatching**. In either case, they also had to tackle **ILLUSORYPROGRAM97**, a 5-minute collaborative effort between **[Kyotsugyon](https://soundcloud.com/kyotsugyon)** and **[Sh0wtime](https://soundcloud.com/sh0wtimelol)**.
```

> - **[Listen to ILLUSORYPROGRAM97 here!](https://soundcloud.com/kyotsugyon/illusoryprogram97)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **[Listen to *ILLUSORYPROGRAM97* here!](https://soundcloud.com/kyotsugyon/illusoryprogram97)**
```

- **[Listen to axis::BREAK here!](https://soundcloud.com/foodbot/axisbreak)**
- **[Listen to Hatching here!](https://soundcloud.com/faxyne/hatching)** 

### cavoe's osu! event's Global Taiko Showdown 2025

The 2023 edition of COEGTS already undertook the ridiculous task of having two mappools made exclusively out of songs composed for the event. The 2025 edition did it again, but because introducing all 26 songs would make this news post drag on for too long, only one song will be presented entirely here: the final song released for a Global Taiko Showdown event: the Main Mappool Tiebreaker. Once again, we can only encourage you to support the effort of all of the artists involved in this gargantuan task by listening to their compositions and supporting them on their respective platforms. And to make it easier for you, we've provided links for all official releases for each song in this tournament down below!

| Links |  | Song | Beatmap | Notes |
| --: | :-: | :-- | :-: | :-- |

> | [![SoundCloud](/wiki/shared/link/SoundCloud.png)](https://soundcloud.com/mrcool909090/vscen "SoundCloud") [![YouTube](/wiki/shared/link/YouTube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zcU5I44ev4 "YouTube") [![Bandcamp](/wiki/shared/link/Bandcamp.png)](https://mrcool909090.bandcamp.com/track/scen "Bandcamp") |  | mrcool909090 - ɅscenΔ | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2406864) | Qualifiers NM1 |

Reviewer 2: can use link icons like the other table earlier in the post

| [![SoundCloud](/wiki/shared/link/SoundCloud.png)](https://soundcloud.com/silis/coegts-2025-naru-her-final-truth "SoundCloud") |  | SiLiS - Naru, her final truth | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410631) | Main Mappool Force Mod 1 |
| [![SoundCloud](/wiki/shared/link/SoundCloud.png)](https://soundcloud.com/itsxyris/we-never-stop-the-bass-drop "SoundCloud") |  | Xyris - WE NEVER STOP THE BASS DROP (ft. Hanakuma Chifuyu) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410640) | Main Mappool Force Mod 2 |
| [![YouTube](/wiki/shared/link/YouTube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwgEwz31TbM "YouTube") [![Spotify](/wiki/shared/link/Spotify.png)](https://open.spotify.com/album/72yqIhPC8q5v39hA0NAMD8 "Spotify") |  | Attoclef - Angelchoker | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410841) | Main Mappool Force Mod 3 |
| [![SoundCloud](/wiki/shared/link/SoundCloud.png)](https://soundcloud.com/realshitbastards/machkintv "SoundCloud") |  | REAL SHIT BASTARDS - MACHKINTV | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410842) | Main Mappool Tiebreaker |

> #### Main Mappool Tiebreaker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Main mappool tiebreaker
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-20-global-taiko-showdown-concludes/MACHKIN_Banner.jpg)

> **[REAL SHIT BASTARDS](https://soundcloud.com/realshitbastards)**, the duo unit encompassing the talents of **[4nzu](https://soundcloud.com/4nzu2)** and **[Supire](https://soundcloud.com/nh_supaia)**, undertook the effort of composing what would become an eight-minute long song which had to be the culmination of everything GTS-related. Under the direction of mappooler and set host ::{ flag=BR }:: [Ideal](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3869519), 14 mappers were then tasked to make something out of that composition. The result is **MACHKINTV**, a 7.42 stars beatmap varying in styles coming from all over the world and ranging from 144 to 220 BPM. Mere words cannot describe this masterpiece of a song, so check it out yourself. Do not get jumpscared by the last few seconds, though. Do not say you were not warned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[REAL SHIT BASTARDS](https://soundcloud.com/realshitbastards)**, the duo unit encompassing the talents of **[4nzu](https://soundcloud.com/4nzu2)** and **[Supire](https://soundcloud.com/nh_supaia)**, undertook the effort of composing what would become an eight-minute-long song which had to be the culmination of everything GTS-related. Under the direction of mappooler and set host ::{ flag=BR }:: [Ideal](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3869519), 14 mappers were then tasked to make something out of that composition.

The result is **MACHKINTV**, a 7.42-star beatmap varying in styles coming from all over the world and ranging from 144 to 220 BPM. Mere words cannot describe this masterpiece of a song, so check it out yourself. Do not get jumpscared by the last few seconds, though. Do not say you were not warned.
```

- **[Listen to MACHKINTV here!](https://soundcloud.com/realshitbastards/machkintv)**
- **[Check out the beatmap here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410842#taiko/5234943)**

## Best tournament moments

Every tournament has its set of memorable or funny moments, impossible comebacks, down to the wire matches. GTS tournaments this year were not spared of these: let's take a look at a few of them.

### Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025

<iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.twitch.tv/gtsosu/clip/BrightCleanDinosaurPeoplesChamp-KUqNMBaER07xn5gs" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> In an early round clash between the new rising stars sailing from Japan and veteran figures from the same country, team **WAKASA LIFE** looked to secure their third point on their NoMod 3 pick [Lawn Wake IX](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/966060#taiko/2691863) with a relatively comfortable 30k score lead, until ::{ flag=JP }:: [takumit25](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16662508) missed an entire pattern at the end of the map! This would have certainly be a turning point in the match for team **MANIERA**... if not for ::{ flag=JP }:: [kiyozi11](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9551196) trading some of these misses on a poorly-negociated snap change. While there were less misses, it was just enough to keep a **569** score difference in favour of team **WAKASA LIFE**, who went on to not lose a single pick for the remainder of the match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In an early-round clash between the new rising stars hailing from Japan and veteran figures from the same country, team **WAKASA LIFE** looked to secure their third point on their NM3 pick [Lawn Wake IX](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/966060#taiko/2691863) with a relatively comfortable 30k score lead, until ::{ flag=JP }:: [takumit25](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16662508) missed an entire pattern at the end of the map! This would certainly have been a turning point in the match for team **MANIERA**... were it not for ::{ flag=JP }:: [kiyozi11](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9551196) trading some of these misses on a poorly-negotiated snap change. While there were fewer misses, it was just enough to keep a **569**-score difference in favour of team **WAKASA LIFE**, who went on to not lose a single pick for the remainder of the match.
```

Our only in-situation Tiebreaker playthrough was during the first round of matches. Players ::{ flag=NL }:: [Cookie_Tree](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/502722) and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Glassive](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12453848), respectively seeded 7 and 10, traded blow for blow on stage and then had one final showdown on [MACHKINTV](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410842#taiko/5234943) to determine who would move on to the next set of matches and who would be eliminated from the tournament. After clawing back an initial 20k points deficit, ::{ flag=NL }:: [Cookie_Tree](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/502722) eventually took the lead, but repeated misses traded by both players during a more technical section led to ::{ flag=FR }:: [Glassive](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12453848) claiming a more decisive advantage amidst the chaos later on. See for yourself.

<iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.twitch.tv/coevent/clip/HotTriangularDragonfruitJKanStyle-nkBUjjd_JJ1D00fA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ::{ flag=TW }:: [cheesestingy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16462012) best showcased his HardRock proficiency by setting a seemingly otherworldly 7x100 full combo score on the HardRock 2 pick [The Ruthless Judgement by Mother Brain](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410828#taiko/5234914) against fellow Hard Rock enjoyer ::{ flag=GB }:: [overdahedge2015](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9864847) in the Semifinals round to secure his matchpoint. The scroll speed increase added by the HardRock mod, on top of a mechanically-intense map clocking at a whooping *245* BPM, makes this the score of the tournament, beyond the shadow of a doubt. Don't believe us? Check the clip above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::{ flag=TW }:: [cheesestingy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16462012) best showcased his Hard Rock proficiency by setting a seemingly otherworldly 7x100 full combo score on the HR2 pick [The Ruthless Judgement by Mother Brain](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410828#taiko/5234914) against fellow Hard Rock enjoyer ::{ flag=GB }:: [overdahedge2015](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9864847) in the Semifinals round to secure his match point. The scroll speed increase added by the Hard Rock mod, on top of a mechanically intense map clocking at a whooping **245** BPM, makes this the score of the tournament, beyond a shadow of a doubt. Don't believe us? Check the clip below.
```

In a neck-and-neck battle for the final podium spot, the eighth map of the match chosen by ::{ flag=GB }:: [overdahedge2015](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9864847), [WE NEVER STOP THE BASS DROP (ft. Hanakuma Chifuyu)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410640#taiko/5234373), featured as a Freemod 2 pick, saw a traditional HardRock versus Hidden battle against ::{ flag=US }:: [mBiscuit](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17061174). With a slight accuracy advantage, it looked like the American player would take the breakpoint, but a singular skipped finisher was just enough to be his undoing despite both players setting a full combo score on their respective mods, allowing the Northern Irish player to claim his fifth point of the match after dealing with the grueling 250 BPM section on HardRock at the end of the map. The score difference? **69**. Nice.

<iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.twitch.tv/coevent/clip/SourCrepuscularCamelItsBoshyTime-R6swqeJ-I2g_ZNKU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Battling it out for the gold, ::{ flag=TW }:: [cheesestingy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16462012) and ::{ flag=US }:: [AuroraPhasmata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13664116) took their intense brawl to the NoMod 4 pick, [EMWEN](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410798#taiko/5234779). The defending champion eventually took his second point of the match, beating out his challenger's score by **a mere 1x100**... which came from the *very last note* of the map! Additionally, out of four picks by this point in the match, this was the third time in a row that both players scored a full combo at the same time, settling points on accuracy or mod difference on Freemod picks *alone*. If this is not an indicator of a good match, we no longer know what is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Battling it out for the gold, ::{ flag=TW }:: [cheesestingy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16462012) and ::{ flag=US }:: [AuroraPhasmata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13664116) took their intense brawl to the NM4 pick, [EMWEN](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2410798#taiko/5234779). The defending champion eventually took his second point of the match, beating out his challenger's score by **a mere 1x100**... which came from the *very last note* of the map! Additionally, out of four picks by this point in the match, this was the third time in a row that both players scored a full combo at the same time, settling points on accuracy or mod difference on Free Mod picks *alone*. If this is not an indicator of a good match, we no longer know what is.
```

> ## Reflections/Commentary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Closing thoughts
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1109122" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/roufou.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1109122">roufou</a></p>

Hello, I'm roufou. I've been a pretty active custom mapper in the taiko scene for a couple of years, and have mapped for quite a few GTS tournaments; along with working as a map pooler for COEGTS and SGTS 2025.

Without a definite answer as to why, I frequently felt compelled to help GTS tournaments, since I got invited to map for one of their tournaments. I knew it'd be hard for them to find map poolers for SGTS in 2025, so I decided to offer my help as a pooler.

SGTS 2025 was quite challenging to pool for, seeing as we had the restriction of only using songs we have explicit permission to map. I almost wish I could have done more to ensure the pools were more enjoyable to players at the time, but I'm also relatively satisfied with how it turned out. Getting custom mappers is surprisingly difficult, and finding maps that fit the right skillsets and are challenging isn't easy.

> I'd like to shout out Rosemarie for carrying throughout the map search, and working with SolaEclipse was a pleasure as well. I tried to contribute as much as I could, and I'm ultimately glad I could assist with staffing in SGTS.

Reviewer 2: dunno if Rosemarie has an osu! account

```suggestion
I'd like to shout out Rosemarie for carrying throughout the map search, and working with [SolaEclipse](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6621158) was a pleasure as well. I tried to contribute as much as I could, and I'm ultimately glad I could assist with staffing in SGTS.
```

COEGTS was my first (and probably last) LAN tournament. Everything looked like it took a ton of effort, the pools were really fun and well balanced, and I had so much fun playing with friends I’ve spoke to for years. 
I don’t think I’ve enjoyed myself this much in a week practicing the pool and of course playing on stage, what an unforgettable experience. 
Thanks to everyone that helped make this come true, from all people involved in GTS work to staff members at COE, and my family for being there with me.
It’s been a honor.

</div>

Once again, thank you all for working with us for so long! This article officially marks the end of GTS' life as an osu! tournament series. It has been a very bumpy road of 7 years of activity, but we still appreciate it regardless. You may see maps for past GTS original songs get ranked in the future, but this will be the extent of our activity in this scene from now on.
We will stay active as a music label under the name **Gratia Productions**, which is not planned to be active until mid-2026 minimum regardless. 

> See you around!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once again, thank you all for working with us for so long! This article officially marks the end of GTS' life as an osu! tournament series. It has been a very bumpy road of 7 years of activity, but we still appreciate it regardless. You may see maps for past GTS original songs get ranked in the future, but this will be the extent of our activity in this scene from now on.

We will stay active as a music label under the name **Gratia Productions**, which in any case is not planned to be active until mid-2026 at minimum.

See you around!
```
